[Docs] Update for image spec/fast register notes (#5726)
flyteorg/flyte: docs/flyte_fundamentals/registering_workflows.md

Learn more about how to pull private image in the {ref}`User Guide <private_images>`.
```

##### Relationship between ImageSpec and Fast Registration

> The `ImageSpec` construct available in flytekit also has a mechanism to copy files into the image being built. By default, the way it works is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `ImageSpec` construct available in flytekit also has a mechanism to copy files into the image being built. Its behavior depends on the type of registration used:
```

> * if fast register is used, then it's assumed that you don't also want to copy source files into built image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If fast register is used, then it's assumed that you don't also want to copy source files into the built image.
```

> * if fast register is not used (which is the default for `pyflyte package`, or if `pyflyte register --copy none` is specified), then it's assumed that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* If fast register is not used (which is the default for `pyflyte package`, or if `pyflyte register --copy none` is specified), then it's assumed that you do want source files copied into the built image.
```

>   you do want source files copied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> In any case, if your `ImageSpec` constructor specifies a `source_root` and the `copy` argument set to something other than `CopyFileDetection.NO_COPY`, then files will be copied regardless of fast registration status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your `ImageSpec` constructor specifies a `source_root` and the `copy` argument is set to something other than `CopyFileDetection.NO_COPY`, then files will be copied regardless of fast registration status.
```
